DO NOT MERGE - INCLUDE in next RELEASE NOTES TY! Explain that zero downtime upgrade is not possible in multi-stage (#317)
pinot-contrib/pinot-docs: reference/troubleshooting/troubleshoot-multi-stage-query-engine.md

We are continuously improving the v2 multi-stage query engine. A few limitations to call out:

> ### Zero downtime upgrade is not supported for multi-stage queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Zero downtime upgrade is not currently supported for multi-stage queries
```

> Pinot supports zero downtime upgrades in ingestion and queries running in single-stage engine. 
> However, it is not supported in multi-stage queries.
> This engine is still being actively developed and some of the new features require to break protocol compatibility.
> 
> This basically means that two servers or one server and one broker using different Pinot versions may not be able to
> communicate with each other.
> Therefore during the upgrade process, multi-stage queries may fail with GRPC errors failing due to protocol
> incompatibility or bad requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Pinot doesn't currently support zero downtime upgrades for the multi-stage engine. 

Servers in a cluster using different Pinot versions (for example, two servers or one server and one broker) may not communicate, causing multi-stage queries to fail with GRPC errors for protocol incompatibility or bad requests during an upgrade. 

The multi-stage engine is under active development.
```
